Release v8.0.0 (#811)
bugsnag/bugsnag-unity: CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog

> ## 9.0.0 (2024-06-10)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## 8.0.0 (2024-06-10)
```

### Enhancements

> - Added the `Bugsnag-Integrity` header to outgoing Bugsnag requests. [#797](https://github.com/bugsnag/bugsnag-unity/pull/797)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added the `Bugsnag-Integrity` header to outgoing Bugsnag requests to avoid extraneous releases being generated if payloads are altered. [#797](https://github.com/bugsnag/bugsnag-unity/pull/797)
```

> - Changed processing of `Configuration.DiscardClasses` and `Configuration.RedactedKeys`. They remain sting collections in the config object, but are now converted to Regex objects when in use. [#807](https://github.com/bugsnag/bugsnag-unity/pull/807)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Changed `Configuration.DiscardClasses` and `Configuration.RedactedKeys` to Regex types. [#807](https://github.com/bugsnag/bugsnag-unity/pull/807)
```

# Changelog

> ## 8.0.0 (2024-06-10)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## 8.0.0 (2024-06-12)
```
